### Anotomy of CLI command
What you're looking at is often called a **REPL**, a _Read Evaluate Print Loop_. It's basically an interactive way of programming where you're writing one line of code at a time, feeding data in and out of little programs. Using commands here, you can navigate around you computer, read and write data, make network calls, and all sorts of other stuff. Basically most anything you can do with a desktop you can do with a command line, it's just a little less obvious how to do it.

The way a REPL works is that you send one command at a time and the shell runs the command and returns to you a result. During the course of running that one command, it may print some things out. And you can, using some rudimentary programming syntax, write a line that runs multiple times (or, another way of saying "runs multiple times" is looping.) That's it! That's the whole thing. It's a very simple concept but it's incredibly powerful.

### Shells and Emulators
The shell you're using is called `bash`, which stands for **"Bourne Again SHell"**. It's a pun on the name of the original shell, "sh", which was named after its creator, Stephen Bourne. `bash` is the default shell for most Linux distributions and it's the one we'll be using today. There are many other shells out there, but `bash` is the most popular.

The most common shell on Linux is `bash`, but there are others like `zsh`, `ksh`, `csh`, and `fish`. Each of these shells have their own unique features and syntax, but they all do the same basic thing: run commands and return the result.


### File System
The file system is the way that files are stored on your computer. It's a hierarchical structure, which is just a fancy way of saying that it's organized like a tree. At the very top of the file system is the root directory, which is represented by a `/`. Below that are a bunch of directories, and below those are files. You can think of a directory as a folder and a file as a file. That's basically what they are.

### Help
Most commands have a `--help` flag that will give you more information about how to use the command. For example, if you want to know more about the `ls` command, you can run `ls --help` and it will print out a bunch of information about how to use the `ls` command


### Navigating Around
The `cd` command is used to _change directories_. For example, if you want to change to the `Documents` directory, you can run `cd Documents`. If you want to go up one directory, you can run `cd ..`. If you want to go to your home directory, you can run `cd ~`.

The `ls` command is used to list the contents of a directory. For example, if you want to list the contents of the current directory, you can run `ls`. If you want to list the contents of a different directory, you can run `ls /path/to/directory`.

The `pwd` command is used to _print the current working directory_. For example, if you want to know what directory you're currently in, you can run `pwd`.


### Arguments/Parameters
Most commands take arguments, which are just extra pieces of information that the command needs to run. For example, the `ls` command takes a directory as an argument. If you want to list the contents of the `Documents` directory, you can run `ls Documents`. If you want to list the contents of the `Downloads` directory, you can run `ls Downloads`.

Some commands take options, which are just extra pieces of information that modify the behavior of the command. For example, the `ls` command takes a `-l` option, which tells it to list the contents of the directory in a long format. If you want to list the contents of the `Documents` directory in a long format, you can run `ls -l Documents`. If you want to list the contents of the `Downloads` directory in a long format, you can run `ls -l Downloads`.


### Flags
Most commands take flags, which are just extra pieces of information that modify the behavior of the command. For example, the `ls` command takes a `-l` flag, which tells it to list the contents of the directory in a long format. If you want to list the contents of the `Documents` directory in a long format, you can run `ls -l Documents`. If you want to list the contents of the `Downloads` directory in a long format, you can run `ls -l Downloads`.